docs: python toolbox-langchain sdk doc migration (#2190)
googleapis/genai-toolbox: docs/en/sdks/python-sdk/langchain/index.md

---
title: "langchain"
type: docs
weight: 8
description: >

>   Toolbox-langchain SDK for connecting to the MCP Toolbox server and invoking tools programmatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  MCP Toolbox LangChain SDK for integrating functionalities of MCP Toolbox into your LangChain/LangGraph apps.
```
